Thank you, Master Yang
If you had let me heal sooner
It won't bother you
You'd better rest as soon as possible
Thank you Master Yang for saving me
Miss Hou
Miss Hou, Mr. Hou
You'd better send it down to rest
What are you still doing?
Hurry up and help my father to rest in the back
Miss Hou, what does this have to do with him?
This is clearly the credit of Doctor Sun
Doctor Sun's distortion effect comes a little slower
What does it have to do with him?
It's just that the Ming actor knows it at a glance
Also play stupid for this grandson
Miss Wang, I think you'd better distinguish right from wrong.
Return Sun God to Justice
Frog in the Well
you
Do you think so too?
No, no, I don't have Sun Hao
May I ask where you are studying?
Sun Sunyi you
Xiao Haoren knew the situation just now at a glance
Clearly Master Yang
Art Toyota is Mr. Hou
How dare you Liang family impersonate these parents?